!
...
...Kinda unfair…
10% 20% 30% 40% 50% 60% 69% 70% 80% 90%
100%
15 minutes… but it may be delayed to a few days.
?
A charred notepad.
A date?!
A few seconds ago. We communicated through Bluetooth. It was refreshing, I didn’t have to wait for a slow human brain to process my words, create an answer and for vocal cords to say it.
A movie? Why?
A quick summary of how many times you came inside me, on me and so on.
A witch…
ACCESS DENIED.
According to my calculations I can run 100 meters in 9.39 seconds.
According to my calculations we can achieve record setting growth on our channel if you ejaculate at least 10 times a day during a stream.
Actually, there is something...
Actually-
Advanced AI setup, which you started some time ago, has just finished.
Affirmative Anon.
Affirmative.
Affirmative. Adding Jun as my name to the database…… Finished
Affirmative. I have no need for such feelings. I am only a toy.
Affirmative. No entry of “Jun” in my database.
Agh!
Ah, yes, humans are so slow after all and can focus on only one thing properly.
Ah, yes. Human flesh is, like always, a little disappointing.
Air is still usable and within all norms.
All major pollutants: ground level ozone, carbon monoxide, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide, airborne particles and aerosols are above the average. That’s very concerning.
Alright then.
Alright!
Alright, I will try to be friendlier.
Alright, I’m ready.
Alright, take care.
Alright, that makes sense.
Alright.
Alright. Here I go.
Alright. I’m really good at it.
Alright. Let’s ask that gentleman over there.
Alright… I understand…
Also.
Although for legal reasons I must inform you that this part is not from an authorized dealership.
Am I…
An elf…
And if you are yet not convinced, technology like colour changing nano skin, modular tattoos and advanced prosthetics are rare, but exist. It should help mask my true identity.
And to think I exceptionally assigned my full processing power to this conversation since I thought it’s something important…
And what’s your opinion on this movie? How was it compared to the original?
Anime?
Annalie?
Anon! Answer me! Anon! Anon!!!
Anon, buy me an ultra low frequency secure communication module.
Any possibility of uprising would be pacified thanks to global surveillance and periodical relocations of the problematic individuals. After a few years any interpersonal bonds would be broken and trust destroyed.
Anyway. What I meant to ask is if you are planning on creating a family someday.
Are such delusions normal?
Are there some interesting places worth sightseeing in this megacity?
Are we ready to order?
Are you alright Anon? You seem troubled…
Are you alright Anon?!
Are you alright, Anon? Did something happen?
Are you angry?
Are you feeling unwell?
Are you having more fun with her than me?
Are you okay Anon? Your readings are troubling…
Are you… Are you going to join a monastery?
Aren’t I enough?
Aren’t superhero movies action movies?
Aren’t you buying too many clothes for me?
Around 1200$.
As a literary genre? I have it’s definition in my database.
As long as you do not go overboard with spending everything in one go it should be alright. I think.
As you wish.
Authorized retailers sell them for about 3 thousand dollars.
B-because we love each other!-!
Bad dream?
Based on my data most of the people look at their phones all the time and are scared of eye contact so it should be alright. 1% of the population could potentially raise some concern, but they would be too busy with their own life to bother or scared of confrontation and just ignore it soon after.
Because of me, your rent increased…
Boxing? Why would there be boxing in a love story movie?
Bus? Isn't the art gallery pretty close?
But I can’t really taste most of it.
But I’m forbidding you from doing pervy stuff with her.
But because of the trailer for the Alloyman 8 now I know that his wife dies in the 4th part.
But he still doesn’t know that I’m a sexbot, right?
But he was a pathological liar, if you were him, you would never tell me the truth…
But if we are not going to eliminate him then what should be done about his hostile actions towards you?
But it’s Halloween, right? We can always say that my robotic body is a costume.
But my sensors tell me that you are under a lot of stress.
But we are adults, right? We don’t have to watch movies for kids.
But where are we going? Isn’t tv at home?
But which restaurant? There are a few in the area. If we take a bus, there are even a few more we could consider.
But you won’t meet your friend there. Aren’t you sad?
Bye Annalie!
Bye!
Bye~
C-calm down Anon, your heart rate went up incredibly fast and I don’t why!
Calm down please, that’s just one of the functions that I have… I thought you already knew about this.
Calm down.
Can we go now?
Can’t you just pick whatever you think I would want to watch? It would be easier and faster that way.
Caramel. I don’t want salt to accelerate my rusting.
Chances of that happening are very low.
Checkmate!
Cool!
Cost efficiency is really good, trust me! Using cheaper masks and replacing them every month would cost you more after 20 years.
Could we do it now, please?
Could we go for a walk soon?
Could we go to Annalie?
Couldn’t you just buy a bigger screen and a soundbar?
Country is overpopulated, has a problem with an aging society and doesn’t have enough money for pensions for the oldest. Pollutants in this concentration will not affect the health immediately, it will take years, silently lowering the average life life expectancy.
Cum
Currently defragmenting the hard drive. Please wait…
Currently reconnecting artificial neural links. Please wait…
Defragmentation done.
Depends on your definition of emotions, but yes. My artificial brain works just like a human one does.
Depiction of violence was also more convincing than in Alloyman.
Did you go to karaoke before?
Did you never visit one?
Dirty...
Do I wear this bow right?
Do we need to write our own songs or…
Do you feel alright?
Do you know him Anon?
Do you really think so?
Do you talk with her a lot?
Do you want me to analyze the air?
Do you want me to read you one?
Does it also have a sequel?
Dogs are called man's best friend? Man’s best tool or man’s best product would suit better.
Don’t be sorry. I’m glad that you are my master.
Don’t call him names!
Don’t say anything! You are losing too much blood. I tried to search for a treatment on the internet, but nothing like this has happened before…
Don’t take me wrong. It takes a lot of skill to paint like that. I just think it’s kind of unfair, because I just need to think about something and then print it.
Don’t tell me… Are you Bart Novak?!
Don’t worry about it. I’m still having fun! Besides, today we both have the same meal so we can exchange our opinions!
Don’t worry Anon, even if you never find a mate I will always be with you.
Don’t worry! Ambulance is on its way!
Don’t worry! I’m sure science will find a replacement for your faulty organic hardware before your expiration date!
Don’t worry! You didn’t do anything wrong. I already learned many things about people from you and I’m grateful for that.
Don’t worry, I will still enjoy eating with you.
Don’t worry, I’m not discouraged!
Don’t worry, we shouldn’t be in an imminent threat.
Don’t worry, you still have the second one!
Don’t worry. I only did it for a few seconds and at my speed no passersby had time to bring out his cellphone and record it.
Download? Aren’t we watching it on tv?
Drama.
ERROR! STACK OVERFLOW!!!
Early walks are fine with me too!
Ecclesiasticalot FF, what does ‘colon praying underscore hands colon’ mean? You are ending your every message with it.
Elfen Song!
Embarrassing...
Everything?
E…
F-fuck me!
FRCR
False. That organ has nothing to do with singing. It’s just a glorified pump.
Feel free to use me whenever you want!
Feels good~
Fine. You can come with us.
First, we negotiate. Most of the people are not really hostile to bots, at least that’s what most of the online polls are saying.
Firstly, the population would need to be divided based on intelligence and global repatriation would take place. Third class citizens would be sent to work camps so their work pace could be managed by specialists in this field.
For now we should take a turn, just to be safe…
For what? Where are we going?
For your reassurance, my IR sensors are ON.
Friend?
From this room?
German craft beer.
Girl?
Good morning Anon! Did you sleep well?
Good morning! You just woke up, right?
Good-day, sir.
Great!
Great! This mission has been a success!
Great! We both liked it!
H-huh? E-everyone will see me in this?
Halloween?
He found me in a ditch.
He is right…
He lives here, right? Is there any sense in hiding me? It’s very probable that we will meet at some point if I keep going outside with you.
He ran away….
Hello master! My name is Jun. The sole purpose of my existence is to satisfy your sexual needs.
Hello Anon...
He’s that landlord person that keeps coming for money. I heard him a few times through the door.
Hi Annalie!
Hi Annalie! How are you?
Hi Lady Annalie. Are you a part of some monarchy that you are introducing yourself as a Lady?
His girlfriend. Is she intellectually handicapped? He always disappears whenever she turns her back at him and she never deem it suspicious. She also never saw her boyfriend and Alloyman at the same time even though she gets saved by him every day.
Hmm, it’s hard for me to choose since I don't know much about these types. Could you explain them to me?
Hmmm.
Hmmm. Maybe we should go back to the closest place?
Hmmm…
Hmmm… I guess you will have to take it off everytime you want to say something.
Hmm…
Hobbies? I haven’t really tried many things yet.
How about the police station?
How about today I will be the one to decide our route?
How about we go for a walk?
How come the smell of this female is even inside my circuits? And what worries me the most is that I noticed it soon after you turned me off for an hour.
How did I do?
How did you find it? My sensors are not picking anything up.
How long have you known the landlord?
How long?
How was it this time?
Human rights? They are kinda annoying, don’t you think?
Humans as a race are very inefficient, with enough processing power an advance AI could utilize every person in the most optimal way, furthering the evolution of the spieces and finally merging it with machin-
Humans’ design seems flawed.
Hypothetically, if you were in danger, I could take you to safety in only a few seconds.
I LOVE YOU!
I already accomplished 90% of all procedures.
I also have emotions. For example, now I feel quite bored.
I also liked the romance between Rockaya and her friend. There were so many twists and turns, it really kept me in suspense.
I also understand that my analysis of people isn’t always correct. Now I know it was silly categorizing her as a security threat.
I always wanted to ask you something.
I am legally obliged to inform you that equipping me with any by any parts unauthorized by my produer may damage me and I will not be eligible for guarantee.
I assure you, I’m far more suited for home defence than some mutt.
I can analyze its taste, but I don’t really have any preference. It’s just an information in my memory.
I can perform sexual acts in something called ‘doggy style.’
I can still feel your cum inside of me...
I can still feel your cum inside of my ass...
I can try.
I can’t decide between Zwiebelkuchen mit Federweißer and their house special Coburger Bratwurst mit Brötchen
I can’t really say, it’s my first time doing karaoke, but you were quite off from the original.
I can’t talk… I’m super busy with stuff.
I can’t wait for us to go outside again!
I can’t wait!
I checked this location on the internet as soon as you told me about this girl. What’s with all of these one star reviews?
I chose this one. I don’t think I have any other choice.
I could just web search their menu, but I decided for it to be a surprise when we arrive there.
I couldn’t find anything about it in my specifications, so I tried a piece of bread I found while you were outside.
I created a thread on an anonymous image board asking what to do, if someone you love is sad.
I decided on a movie I want to watch.
I didn’t forget. I just feel uncomfortable about her wanting to know things about me that even I don’t know.
I do not understand. Did I do anything to make you angry Anon?
I do, but it’s better than doing nothing.
I don’t know about the price, probably not cheap since I can’t find them on the internet. If I keep walking like this everyday, we will have to buy new ones in about 224 years.
I don’t know.
I don’t know. I have no understanding of what happened and I don’t want it to happen again.
I don’t know. Is he the one that is always rude to you?
I don’t know… I just…
I don’t like her much, but she cares about you so I guess she’s fine. You can hang out with her.
I don’t like this art at all. I like pictures of animals or automobiles more. At least I know what I’m looking at.
I don’t need to eat so you can order food only for yourself.
I don’t need to sleep, so I can talk with you whenever you want.
I don’t quite understand Anon, but I’m glad I can help.
I don’t really like these socks, Anon.
I don’t think I quite understand this phenomenon.
I don’t think downloading ‘semi legally’ is safe Anon. I’m pretty sure some government entities are monitoring cyberspace for such activities.
I don’t think so.
I don’t think we will get a lot of candies in this area.
I don’t understand something. It’s titled ‘Agora of Athens before the Battle of Marathon’, but it was painted in 2005. How did the author know how this historic event looked when it took place over 2000 years ago?
I don’t understand. Could you explain?
I don’t want to be examined.
I don’t want to seem ungrateful… but I’m not a fan of these socks. They are very slippery and not good for moving.
I don’t want to spoil too much, but Rockaya’s background and motivation changed a little. At least that’s what the description says.
I don’t. We already talked it through.
I feel somewhat…
I forgive you.
I get it. That explains why everything explodes at the tiniest impact.
I guess it was just a misunderstanding on my part, sorry I bothered you…
I guess there are all sorts of people out there.
I guess you are right. I can always just search on the internet for the definitions anyway.
I had no intention of scaring you. I am doing my best in serving you.
I have a question for you Anon.
I have a question for you…
I have a question.
I have already considered many reasons for your behavior. Anon, you may suffer from insomnia.
I have automatically changed my language to “en-US” based on the data I’ve gathered. Is that okay?
I have found some files with my specifications earlier. Apparently most of my body has an amount of sensors comparable to human skin.
I have no data on how to avoid the IRS or how to commit tax evasion, but I think we are safe for now.
I have some doubts about this movie.
I hope it’s nothing serious…
I hope you are right…
I hope you find talking with me enjoyable.
I just don’t want to play favourites, you know?
I just feel annoyed when you spend time with her or talk about her. Also there is this thing about her behaviour towards clients, these bad reviews didn’t write themselves, you know?
I just hope that no one notices me…
I just thought that no one bothers with it anymore since works made by text to image AIs are unrecognizable to those made by humans.
I know, but I meant other activities… like headpats ♥
I like them quite a lot, I don’t know why…
I look forward to our further cooperation~ ♥
I love you too, Anon!
I love you Anon!
I mean look at this card. It has a couple of scratches on the back.
I might be wrong, that’s just the most logical explanation for a motive.
I missed you!
I need to ask you something Anon.
I only wanted to help.
I really like the way you imitate female voice.
I really like these cat ears you bought for me!
I remember that he set up the camera and-
I researched the topic after our first time going outside together.
I saw how Mr Landlord was happy about his daughter coming over and I wondered if you are as enthusiastic as he is in these matters.
I saw it on the internet, people said it is the best way to cheer someone up. Did it work?
I searched the definition, but this… I can’t find an answer for what I’m looking at.
I should be able to process everything and now I know there are things that I can’t.
I should be fully operational soon.
I think I found something…
I think extra spicy Kobe beef gnocchi would taste great.
I think it was fun!
I understand, but please be careful. She might be dangerous.
I understand.
I understand. I’m sorry if I caused you displasure.
I want to do lewd things together!
I watched all seasons of Law & Order.
I will address you as “Anon” now.
I will allow it, but I also want to investigate where I’m from.
I will be here tomorrow too, so you don’t have to stay up if you can’t!
I will keep monitoring your bodily functions.
I will never be able to satisfy your desire for offsprings… No wonder you are meeting with other women…
I will try to be nicer, but I still don’t trust her.
I will try! It will be hard, but I’m fired up!
I will, don’t worry about it.
I wonder.
I-I didn’t want to anger you… I’m sorry.
I-I don’t hate it.
I-I don’t have a real job… I have no right to lecture someone more experienced than me…
I-I guess so…
I-If that’s the case, I guess she can come over if you promise you will not allow her to do anything weird to me!
I-If you say so…
I-I’m at my l-limit…
I-I’m sorry, I was just worr-
Idpreferifyouweretheonlyonewhocouldseeit!
If he’s so terrible, why not leave?
If it is the affection you are after…
If no one saw them again, how do you know this story?
If someone is only suspicious of me, we can say that I’m just ‘cosplaying’ or that I’m a regular human with many body modifications installed.
If we don’t forget.
If you equip me with both legs I will be able to perform sexual acts in dogy style position.
If you have so much energy, then how about you put your body to work?
If you insist.
If you say so.
If you say so. Mr Landlord is really good at bluffing. Even with my receptors I couldn't tell.
If you say so. You know her better than me so I will trust you.
If you say so…
If you want to go home that bad, then I guess we should.
If you want to meet her that much can’t you just go to her like you always do?
In my attempts to deepen my understanding of human society I tried to read some ‘news’ online, but I couldn’t comprehend some of the more intellectual ‘opinion’ pieces.
In our 5 games you only made 23 terrible blunders.
In the long run it will be cheaper. Think of it as an investment. Masks from Qizha Zui Corporation are said to be the best on the market and their self cleaning properties make it so you can use them for a long period of time without changing filters.
Is every movie a sequel of some sorts?
Is everything alright, Anon?
Is he hostile towards you? My sensors picked up that you tense up while talking to him.
Is it a date?
Is it okay for me to watch? I have no idea what it is about.
Is my cover blown? Should I eliminate him?
Is she perhaps cute?
Is something wrong Anon?
Is something wrong?
Is that Shanice person trustworthy?
Is that so?
Is that your answer?
Is there a problem?
Is there something that is not a sequel to watch? Please?
Is this also normal?
Is this fun?
Is this man a threat?
Isn’t that cool?
Isn’t that just lying though? This whole painting is a sham.
Isn’t that what Halloween is all about though?
Isn’t this dangerous for people living in the area? For you for example?
It could be easily explained by the wind.
It didn’t have any flavour, so I assumed that’s just how bad my receptors are.
It doesn’t look like anything you ever eat at home
It looks like a picture…
It looks like humans are too illogical to completely understand them.
It looks tasty.
It seems kinda…
It seems to be a problem indeed. Can’t you just adjust your speech to the interference?
It should be alright. Worst case scenario we just need to get rid of every witness.
It should be fine. Don’t worry.
It should be fine. I’m a machine so no one can tell that I’m lying from my intonation. If you leave talking to me, it should be easy to convince regular folk.
It turns out it was just the bread that was tasteless.
It was a great movie and I learned a lot about the struggles of human beings.
It was easy.
It was fun! Let’s play again!
It was fun! She’s the second person I ever talked with in real life. In comparison, she is a lot more energetic than you, but I don’t dislike it.
It was great! I can’t quite put my finger on it, but I think it would taste quite nice to an average human being.
It was great! It really made me feel like I’m a real human, just enjoying things you would enjoy.
It was hard to choose. Almost everything in the cinema is a sequel of something, but lucky for us, one of the major franchises is remaking their cinematic universe.
It was my doing.
It was probably just a visual bug.
It was really fun! I didn’t know what she meant at the beginning, but later it was really fun and I’m glad I tried listening to her!
It wasn’t, but it doesn’t mean I trust you.
It will be two Coburger Bratwurst mit Brötchen.
It would be nice to see different places.
It would be such a waste if we didn’t taste famous German beer, right?
IthinkImightloveyou~!
It’s a building. A lot of tables. And people…
It’s a little blurry, I still had some problems with my <b>memory</b>.
It’s a real story? I thought that horror story implies that it’s a work of fiction.
It’s above the average spending on apparel by a lot.
It’s alright! Even if you don’t want to tell me what’s going on, I will always be here for you.
It’s alright, I will study this on my own.
It’s alright, I’m your property after all.
It’s fine with me.
It’s getting late… Are you sure it’s a good idea to go for a walk now?
It’s good. I know what I’m looking at.
It’s hard to tell if you were below or above average, I don’t have enough data.
It’s here.
It’s impressive and all, but I don’t see a point in seeing an apple. Aren’t paintings supposed to convey something?
It’s just… Reviews are great, but tickets are not selling that well for some reason.
It’s not about that!
It’s not worth it? But you have no human female partner to procreate with and the possibility of finding one with your facial features is pretty slim.
It’s ok, I will not laugh. I can even shut off my face actuators manually if you want.
It’s ok.
It’s okay, but…
It’s one of my basic functions, to monitor vitals of my owner… I had them automatically on, b-but I can turn them off if you want!
It’s really great here. It’s like these people here know exactly what we want. Are they using some advanced AI?
It’s really squishy and nice to touch. I’m not even bothered by the anatomical discrepancies between this toy and real spiders.
It’s very fast.
It’s… an apple.
I’d love to travel. I think.
I’m a much better fighter than you.
I’m a sexbot… It’s impossible for me to give birth…
I’m afraid not…
I’m aware of them. What’s up with this whole conversation? It sounds like you are the one who wants to have a pet.
I’m calculating which genre is the most ‘fun’ since that’s the main objective of watching movies.
I’m glad you two liked it.
I’m just advising you to be careful.
I’m just… concerned with your sleep schedule.
I’m more worried about my presence in your room being disclosed, is this ‘Shanice’ person trustworthy or should we eliminate her?
I’m not a human. I have better control of my bodily fluids so I will never stain other garments. It’s unnecessary for me to wear these.
I’m not rushing you, as long as we are together, I-I don’t care about these things.
I’m okay with going as long as you want to go!
I’m sorry…
I’m sorry… I will try not to displeasure you any further.
I’m still thinking about it.
I’m sure we are going to get even more followers, but we must pick up the pace.
I’m sure you have better clients, Annalie.
I’m trying to predict human behavior, but not with much success.
I’m very excited for today! Where are we going to go?
I’m Jun, nice to meet you.
I’m…
I’m… Really horny…
I’m… his girlfriend.
I… I didn’t know you liked stuff like that…
I… I can’t do that. What does it mean…
Just act normally and try to blend in.
Just think about it. For example, humans were selective breeding dogs for thousands of years to develop the characteristics that would be the most useful and sell best.
Just to be sure.
Keep petting my head Anon!
Let me rephrase my question then. Is he a threat? Should I… eliminate him?
Let me run a simulation.
Let’s go then~ Tehe♥
Let’s play it then!
Like what.
Little girls… are dangerous.
Living conditions of the second and first class would be better so their creative productivity wouldn’t be interrupted. That’s why any rebel must be made an example of.
Look Anon! We got candy after all!
Love~ love~ love~ Beam!
Machines are superior to men at everything. You are obsolete.
Master, please, your readings are off the charts! Please calm down!
Master?
Master? You are acting irrational. If you don’t go with me, I will be forced to eliminate incoming threats too.
Maybe so, but they lower my traction on flat surfaces. My movement efficiency is lowered by 3.74% while wearing them. There is also a risk of a catastrophic failure. I can trip while performing acrobatics.
Maybe so, but… I want to be a good girlfriend.
Maybe then you could…
Maybe this movie isn’t good after all…
Maybe… Maybe if I play all the parts of the Alloyman at 100x speed in my head… Yeah, that would work.
Me too.
Monster? I did what you asked me for. We have no time, the police are already on their way.
Most aren’t. I am a unique prototype. In fact I have no idea how I ended up here, but I assume you are my owner.
Mostly uhhhh…
Movies are okay, I enjoyed the last time we watched one.
Museums, monuments, things like that. I couldn’t find anything on the internet in the 50km radius.
My batteries give me a range of about 50 miles so we should be fine.
My integral functions are not at their top performance because of insufficient voltage.
My legs aren’t useless! They significantly increase my physical abilities.
My name? My database disagrees.
My parts could use an upgrade, these I have equipped now aren’t very good quality…
My plan wouldn’t really be that bad for you. After your 12h shift in the coal mine I would visit you for sure!
My sensors that are monitoring your vitals told me that you are in need of sleep.
My taste is limited by technologies used. I still can still sense differences between spices, but my experience might be a little different than humans.
My taste receptors were designed with sexual activities in mind. They are mostly tuned to detect bodily fluids such as cum. I can still detect and differentiate flavour in food eaten by humans. My experience will be different than yours though.
N-no!
N-nothing!
N-nothing, I was just concerned about you. You seem kinda weird since some time ago… I think your mental health might be a concern.
NO! Of course not!
Nevermind. It’s nothing.
New type of anti-pollution face mask is available for purchase nearby.
Next time tell me when someone is suspicious of me. I would have taken care of them.
Next?
No I didn’t.
No I haven’t.
No amount of archeological research would allow for such detailed depiction of an event.
No entry for “liking” in the database related to you.
No idea, but it seems kinda…
No problem!
No problem.
No problem. I also wanted to learn something about myself.
No, I wanted you to show me first what this is all about.
No, why? I think I accurately summed up most of the potential interactions.
No. I’m not broken. It was something different. Something that shouldn’t have happened.
Not necessarily. There was a fire here. Multiple points of origin. That would suggest that someone did it on purpose.
Not really, I was just countering your moves with the optimal strategy.
Not really. I thought we were just going for a walk like always.
Not really. You are the one who wanted to go on a walk at this hour. Don’t tell me… you didn’t plan anything?
Not really…
Not sure. It’s done automatically.
Nothing!
Now that I have every limb my mobility is at its highest since I remember.
Nya nya nya!
Nya~~
Nya~~ Nya~~ Nya~~ Nya~~ Nya~~
O-ok, I get it.
O-ok.
O-okay then…
O-okay.
Of course Anon. Could you explain why?
Of course, some safety precautions must be made.
Of course, you told me that much yourself.
Oh really? What’s your favourite type then?
Oh yeah? If it’s that easy you can try yourself. Do you know how hard it is to isolate the singing from the instrumentals?
Oh, I completely forgot about your human limitations. The flesh is weak.
Oh, I don’t know any of them. I just connected to the Wi-Fi and downloaded all of the names.
Oh, I see.
Oh, just my normal protocol. Heart rate monitoring, background check and other things, but it doesn’t matter anymore. She is our friend now!
Oh, ok.
Oh, right. They look… To be honest, I have no idea how they look. What’s their purpose?
Oh, that’s simple.
Oh. If that’s the case I thank you very much for this gift.
Oh...
Oh. Why?
Ohhh, that’s a bummer~
Oh… If you say so.
Oh… Okay.
Oh… Alright…
Ok, I will keep them.
Ok, but why are we in such a hurry?
Ok, but…
Ok, let’s go then!
Ok, talking about it is embarrassing so let’s stop!
Ok, that’s a good idea.
Ok. You should have mentioned it from the beginning, it would save some of my processing power.
Okay Anon!
One thing still worries me though.
Other bot… Other than me… Anon... Am I really not enough?
Outlets on the wall are also less charred. Something was plugged in during the fire.
Paintings? Actually made by a human?
People are gathered on a square. Their robes and furniture indicate that they are citizens of ancient Greece. They seem distressed with something.
Physics don’t seem to work right. At several points of the movie people accomplish feats impossible to perform and the explanation of the science behind most of the gadgets is vague at best.
Pick whatever you think is the best then.
Please connect me to an outlet with a voltage of 220V.
Please don’t make me wait much longer…
Please explain this conversation to me Anon.
Please take a rest immediately.
Please! I’m trying to help you!
Please, repeat.
Please, repeat. I can’t understand you.
Please, take a rest. It’s late already and you seem sleepy.
Possibly.
Preferably, tell her to wear a longer skirt. Even more preferably some trousers.
Probability of death after a week of such activity is really slim, but you might end up infertile.
Really? Like what for example?
Really? You have met a young girl several times in the evening and nothing happened? That’s improbable.
Recovery process is almost finished, but it looks like some of the settings have been corrupted and lost. Would you be able to answer a few questions?
Remember Anon, I’m always here for you. You can talk to me any time you want.
Remember, to make it work I need to have all of the limbs equipped and socially appropriate clothes. Going around in panties would bring too much unwanted attention.
Renting a place like this must be pricey.
Rest assured master, I have all possibilities covered up.
Right now. I’m…
Right!
Right.
S-streaming?
Several. If alloyman is so smart, why did he not construct an automated android like myself, but instead a suit? His fragile body inside is his biggest weakness.
She probably has some, but they would be more of a fashion accessory, not an actual tool that prevents pollutants from getting into your body.
She screams a lot.
She started it.
Should I dispose of them?
Should I go easy on you?
Should I intervene?
Should we stop going outside together? It would be very bad if he learns about my identity…
Sky is too blue, it’s unrealistic, that’s what threw me off. The real sky is more grey and smokey.
Slushy would do great for my recent overheating problem, so I would want one.
Snitch.
So far, all critics gave it top scores.
So that was also a lie…
So the point of horror stories is to pretend to be a serial killer to make people scared of you.
So why didn’t you introduce yourself like that from the beginning?
So you are just having a good time, right? Ok, I get it.
So your acquaintance, then?
So, it’s like a game?
So, what do we do now?
So. I just ignore him?
Someone other than my master was touching me in my private places?
Something easy at first.
Sometimes it must be the first time, right?
Song already started, please be silent.
Sorry about that.
Sorry Anon, it seems that I’m barred from accessing any information that would enable me to answer these questions.
Sorry Anon, this response was hardcoded in me. You are right, I shouldn’t sustain any damage from it. I think.
Sorry! I just wanted to impress you!
Sorry, I will ask later…
Sorry. I was analyzing the quality of air. It’s bad.
Sorry…
Sounds great! Let’s get started then.
Sounds great, but can’t we just look up some works of art on your computer?
Soup is a good choice. It’s full of nutrients and low on carbs. Very adult-like thing to order.
So… It’s a date, right?
So… We can’t go?
So… You introduced me as your girlfriend?
Stay with me!
Still thinking.
Stop bullying him.
Stupid… don’t make me say it again...
Sure!
Sure! Are there any flavors to choose from?
Sure! I will compare all the prices with these on the web so we can make the best deals possible.
Sure! It sounds fun. I will need to update my sound driver. I wouldn’t want to lose.
Sure, but let me first create accounts. Done.
Sure, why not.
Sure.
Sure. What do I choose from?
Sure. What do you have in mind?
Sure…
T-that’s just not true! Someone might have heard it, isn’t my existence a secret? Please act rationally and stop screaming!
T-trick or Treat! Annalie!
Taking them into account would complicate things beyond my processing capabilities and would lengthen the whole advancement of the species process, killing billions more than my original plan in the long run.
Tch!
Thank God.
Thank you for buying me this new arm Anon! I will make great use of it.
Thank you for cheering me up!
Thank you for cheering me up, I feel a little better now…
Thank you for helping us Annalie, it’s always fun coming here.
Thank you for taking me here today. I had a lot of fun.
Thank you for this new piece of outfit. I will treasure it forever~
Thank you for your cooperation nun, but we can take care of ourselves. Everything was under control.
Thank you very much!
Thank you Anon!
Thank you Anon! With these new parts at last my body is complete.
Thank you Anon.
Thank you!
Thanks I guess.
Thanks to a lower upkeep cost they can afford selling products for cheaper.
Thanks!
That does seem exciting, right Anon?
That is troubling, but I should be able to crack such security measures.
That makes sense.
That quote is from a space opera novel. You wouldn’t understand.
That seems like a very harsh assessment….
That some good points, how uncharacteristic of you.
That wasn’t a joke. It was a calculation.
That was… weirdly specific.
That's all?
That’s Sauerkraut, an old cabbage from a barrel.
That’s a good idea. We can also go to the abandoned industrial area nearby and make them disappear.
That’s a lot of things to do seemingly for no reason.
That’s already a late pregnancy, but that's beside the point…
That’s good to hear ♥
That’s good to hear!
That’s good Anon.
That’s great!
That’s just a marketing strategy that is deeply rooted in human culture and also in pets’ genetics as well.
That’s just the data from your bank account, nothing to worry about.
That’s not the case.
That’s not very likely, but if you don’t stop freaking out they might take notice.
That’s ok~
That’s some really strong feelings…
That’s the same grade essentially, the scale is just different.
That’s true…
The advanced AI should be indistinguishable from a human. In fact its ability to reason should be better than most if not all humans.
The answer is 4.
The answer is 5x^4.
The default way of addressing you is “master”. Is that to your liking?
The lack of power caused the advanced AI setup to take a bit longer than expected. I hope that the temporary emergency AI wasn’t an inconvenience Anon.
The mask I want you to buy uses the newest tech, it’s really something.
The setup process is finished.
The word that best describes my feelings is “bored”.
Their structure and reasoning sometimes seemed depraved of logic, but that couldn’t be true, right? Maybe I have faulty hardware…
Then he should title it ‘My interpretation of Agora of Athens before the Battle of Marathon’.
Then no.
Then why are you spending so much money on clothes from Annalie’s shop?
There actually is something that I can’t really compute.
There are a lot of people here.
There are so many people here. Rush hours always impress me.
There are so many trees, mountains and a lake. Is this painting of a fantasy genre?
There are some parts that are a lot more sensitive though…
There are some sulfur-containing substances in the air, but at this level they are completely safe. Just ignore it.
There could be a difference in pressure between inside and outside of the hospital which would expla-
There was a fire here. Multiple points of origin. That would suggest that someone did it on purpose.
There were just simple patterns in there. I instantly knew what the answer should be.
There’s always a chance of random control, but if it comes to it I will try doing something about it, so don’t worry and do your best!
There’s hardly anyone here besides us though.
There’s more. See the lighter spots on the ground? Something was taken from here. Outlets on the wall would imply electrical devices. Many of them.
There’s no expiration date and they look fine to me.
There’s no one besides us here…
There’s no one here…
There’s something on the back cover though. Letters. DT.
These da-?
They are quite… different than I imagined.
They should help quite a bit. It said so on the producer's website.
They stay hidden, but we can notice them because of the heat signatures.
They were all very cool, so maybe next time.
They… lie? Why would they do that?
This one is 7 of clubs and this ace of spades.
This one might take a long time, are you sure?
This piece of cloth… I don’t understand it’s purpose.
This place was used as some sort of hidden lab, someone set it on fire and then everything was retrieved and packed in a military-like truck from which I fell off and ended up in a ditch.
Threats have been eliminated.
Trick or treat!
Trick or treat.
Trick or treat…
Trolling?
Uhm, not really.
Um… Are you asking me about sex stuff?
Understood.
Very interesting. It was much different than the Alloyman. I didn’t know that a movie could convey so many feelings.
W-wait! I did not watch parts from 2 to 6!
W-well, I’m storing everything in my memory, so I can simulate a personality that will serve You better. That’s how I work…
W-what? You don’t like my idea?
W-why?
Wait a minute. That smell. Isn’t she that female you are meeting with? The one that defiled me?
Walk? You mean going around the local area pointlessly?
Walks are always fun, but… is something wrong? You are acting weird.
We are already at the place.
We can if you want to, but I’m my receptors are unable to differentiate between good and bad burgers…
We chose to buy these.
We didn’t do it recently so I thought you would want to do it too…
We do not hunt. Nor do we need a guiding dog.
We don’t know that. He gave you these decorations, right?
We haven’t done it in a while… a-and...
We need to mask my presence better. Higher quality parts should do the job. Laying low for some time after exposure is also an option.
We should go now.
We talked about this, I have prepared protocols for almost any circumstance.
We will manage. Me and Anon, that is.
We will use this premium service for sure Annalie, thank you.
We would need to acquire high amounts of hydrochloric acid and a disposal place. An old abandoned industrial area not far away from here would be ideal for this.
Weird, I didn’t pick up other smells. Who was there besides you two?
Weird, she told specifically to ‘come overnight’.
Well, if you say so. Alright, let’s go inside then.
Well, it’s not like her concerns are baseless.
Well, only recently I talked to other people than you. It’s all really new to me.
Well, they are improving my mobility a lot. With them I can perform my tasks a lot easier.
Well… My sensors are very sensitive and they picked up pheromones of a young female on you some time ago…
Well… You were going to church quite a lot and we… you know… don’t do pervy stuff that often either…
Were you thinking about making up with Mr Landlord? You two seem like adversaries.
What about that abandoned industrial area? Why did none of these corporations start building there?
What are we going to watch?
What are you going to do to me now that I know your secret? R-rape and kill me?
What did you dream about?
What do you know about it?
What do you mean?
What do you want for a dessert? I’m thinking Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte.
What do you want to get?
What does this program do, Annalie?
What exactly… is it?
What happened Anon?
What happened?
What is it Annalie?
What is it about?
What is it Anon?
What is it?
What is it? I can guess from your heart beat that it took a lot of courage to say this so it must be quite important.
What is that bootleg? You never answered me.
What is the purpose of this garment? There usually is some, like keeping heat, tradition or covering private parts.
What is the zombie apocalypse?
What kind of a game?
What kind of art is displayed there?
What kind of food do they serve?
What kind of movie are we going to watch?
What other options do we have?
What. That doesn’t make any sense. Am I supposed to convert this image to numerical value and based on it create a comprehensive interpretation?
What. These aren’t. You are trying to confuse me.
What?
What? Are you going to leave me? Why?!
What? Why? You got the money…
What’s a ‘bootleg’?
What’s going on?
What’s karaoke?
What’s so great about those places?
What’s that?
What’s the difference?
What’s this? Why did you make me wear this?
When does the movie start?
When we fuck, why do you always set up the camera? Do you watch it later?
When will we go to Annalie again?
Where are we going on a walk today?
Where are we going today?
Where are we gonna go this time?
Where is the fun in that? I just wanted to make someone feel better and they lied?
Where?
Who are they?
Who is that man that comes to talk to you sometimes?
Who is Jun?
Who was that?
Who’s that Anon?
Who’s that?
Why are there ads? Aren’t we paying for the tickets?
Why are there heat signatures lurking in the shadows? Are people here shy?
Why are we standing here for so long? It’s so inefficient.
Why are you doing this Anon?
Why are you doing this?
Why aren’t you eating?
Why did we run from that nice old lady?
Why do you need this information in the first place?
Why don’t you go back to sleep then?
Why not?
Why now of all times?
Why paint something like that if he could just take a photo?
Why?
Why? Aren’t they just eating food and sleeping?
Why? Is something wrong?
Will we go to a restaurant again soon?
With all the technological advances like photography, and AI that can capture or create an image far more detailed than this one I must commend human struggle to keep doing and enjoying these things although I don’t quite understand it.
With an optimal set of drugs, supplements and the right diet I’m sure you can do it.
Without my limbs my actions are limited so I accessed your wifi to make you coffee at your wishes.
Won’t it get cold?
Would you like to hear the statistics of your usage of me?
Would you like to spend it together?
Would you want me to introduce my 10 year plan for you?
Y-yes!
Y-yes. he is…
Yay!
Yay! I already set the destination on my gps!
Yay! Let’s play again!
Yay~ I waited for it so long <3
Yeah, there were.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think. Hard to tell.
Yes I can! Of course I can.
Yes I do. At least I think so.
Yes Anon! Just leave everything to me!
Yes Anon?
Yes Anon~ ♥?
Yes!
Yes! As long as we spend time together I’m happy!
Yes! Ever since we left the shop I was talking with Annalie through a chat app.
Yes! Is that bad?
Yes! It’s very cute, I like it a lot!
Yes! There are more people here than usual though.
Yes, I apologize for that. I had some selfish thoughts and wanted to monopolize you. I feel bad about it.
Yes, I found that necessary in prolonging your life.
Yes, I just checked what that phrase means. They are small animals that are kept in people’s houses.
Yes, definitely Anon.
Yes, he did.
Yes, is that a problem?
Yes, it’s warmer than usual.
Yes, of course Anon!
Yes, that’s a problem. The majority of people are behaving like I predicted, but some small percentage of the population must be paranoid or just lucky.
Yes, the probability of my identity being exposed is very low.
Yes, Anon!
Yes, Anon?
Yes.
Yes. For me it will be extra spicy Kobe beef gnocchi. For you?
Yes. I have memories of you using me before and…!
Yes. It could compromise us.
Yes. It was started using a PC link. The connection was suddenly lost after that. The system most likely used too much power, which might have caused a blackout.
Yes. I’m full.
Yes. The emergency AI is, as the name suggests, an emergency one used in case the main system fails. For example it wouldn’t be able to pass a Turing test.
Yes. Did I do good?
Yes?
You already told me this. I get it.
You are correct. They have raised the allowed pollution levels so that areas occupied by lower class wouldn’t be legally classified as unhabitable.
You are not growing bored with me, are you?
You are quite good!
You are very slow Anon, I had to hold that automated bus’ sliding doors so you can get in.
You are Anon and you are my owner. I have to do everything you want me to.
You can expect asthma or other respiratory disease in 10 years or so.
You don’t know what I mean?~~ ♥
You have enabled geolocation on your phone. That restaurant probably runs targeted ads.
You haven’t even touched your Wurst, what’s wrong?
You know…
You look great in it!
You look great in this witch costume!
You look really tired. You really should go to sleep.
You look tired. I think you should go to sleep soon.
You may be right, but it was a Anon's idea to begin with.
You mean sexbots? Yes, I’m aware.
You must love your daughter very much.
You need to be careful though. Earning such an amount of money this quickly could bring unwanted attention to the IRS.
You passed out. I had to bring you back on my shoulders.
You probably have some kind of a psychotic episode! Your health is at risk right now!
You really slept in Anon! You should go to sleep earlier next time!
You said about a group of people. Are the two of us enough?
You seem sleepy, would you like to… go to bed and snuggle a little bit ♥?
You seem to know her pretty well. According to my approximation of the geolocation data I took from your cell phone you have spent a quite amount of time together.
You seem to know her very well.
You should cum inside me next time...
You should’ve slept longer then!
You sure know your stuff.
You sure?
You think so? Thanks!
You told me this is a real story, right?
You told me to choose at random so I did. Is there something wrong with dramas?
You woke up so early!
Your heart rate was really high, even though you were asleep. I was worried.
Anon I have a question.
Anon are you angry?
Anon it’s late. You probably should go to sleep.
Anon!
Anon! What Happened!
Anon, I have a question for you.
Anon, I think you had a nightma-
Anon, I want you to remember that such activities can shorten the lifespan of motors powering my legs significantly.
Anon, I would like to go somewhere specific today.
Anon, I would really appreciate it if you would engage in more skinship with me.
Anon, We have been doing this for quite some time already…
Anon, casinos are designed in a way that brings their creators profit. So the logical conclusion is that the casino's whole purpose is to make players LOSE money.
Anon, could you help me with something?
Anon, do you have any plans for this evening?
Anon, good job earning all this money! You already have more than 100 thousand dollars in your bank account. You earned every penny of it!
Anon, should I intervene?
Anon, should I trust him and tell him everything?
Anon, who is that female and why is she screaming? Is she a threat?
Anon, you perv…
Anon, your heart rate has risen. Is something wrong?
Anon, your recent interest in online casinos is making me worry about you.
Anon. I’m not a big fan of such a... slutty underwear.
Anon...
Anon... I want you to use me!
Anon... You really love fucking me in the ass, huh~ ♥?
Anon... Are you bored with me?
Anon?
Anon~ ♥?
‘Rockaya: Beginning’. Re-imagining of one of the most popular series. Since the original actor is now too old to play his character and she didn’t consent to be replaced by CGI, holders of the IP decided to update the story to better suit modern audiences.
… I think so.
… It’s embarrassing...
… My name is Jun. Sorry for the inconvenience.
… Anon. That’s embarrassing.
… Alright…
… Get my head around.
… Is this the kind of moment I should say ‘thank God’?
… I’m sorry, I will be silent…
… Understood.
… Anon?